Meeting 1:

1. Spartan (has applied for an account).

2. Slack (joined).

3. Need a repository to store everything: dataset, meeting summaries, etc.

4. Related to the project:

    - We are interested in the results produced by LLMs:
         1. Human -> paradigmatic relations, LLMs -> syntagmatic relations
         2. Strong gender bias exists in LLMs with or without a profile. We can investigate this in depth (what we are most likely to do).
         3. The paper is relatively shallow. We can enhance the results with prompts and more LLMs.
     - Continue reading the papers sent from ChunHua to narrow down to a specific question.
     - The first LLM we will attempt is Mistral to check if we can reproduce similar results as in this paper. Another potential model is LLMA 3. After we have good
       results, we will use Microsoft's model.
     - Need access to the SWOW.

5. What I plan to do before the next meeting:
    a. Read the papers ChunHua sent me (on morality, human gender stereotypes), and look at other related papers.
    b. Get familiar with using Mistral. After I have access to the SWOW, I will try to get the results for the cue words "man" and "woman" from Mistral without a
        profile, along with other simple experiments.
    c. After completing 1 and 2, I should be able to better narrow down the scope, so we can have a more concentrated discussion in the next meeting.
    d. I will send you the topics I want to discuss and my new thoughts based on readings 1-2 days prior to our next meeting.

Meeting 2:

1. Include the moral research.
2. Examine how different fine-tuned prompts influence stereotypes in the output.
3. Narrow down the intro and related work in the RP, focusing on the most relevant related work.
5. Delete any mathematical details for the methodology, only introducing high-level ideas.

Planning before next meeting:
1. Scrutinize the paper "Moral Association Graph."
2. Continue to read more papers.
3. Improve the RP. 
4. check the gender repository


Meeting 3: 

1. We will consider the dimension of morality for words and use EMFD instead of MFD.
2. Experiment with the code in gender one first and then extend to moral concepts.
3. Feedback on the research proposal (RP).


Planning for this week:

1. Replicate the experiment on word association related to gender.
2. Continue revising the research proposal based on the feedback received.
3. Read the EMFD paper in detail.
4. Begin small sample for the moral concept experiment if time allows and the gender experiment is successful.
